witchy teas: 
what do you want to summon? 

Where is it at? You visit in a small shop. Somewhat a place between a book shop to a book shop. Smells of oak
You get to know the Pourer (a witchy being), and they help you with achiving what you want to summon, with giving you a witchy tea recepie. 
* I want it to feel more like an adventure. How? maybe it's about the way they get to the Pourer? maybe it's about the decisions the player make on the way 
to the shop? How can I know what should they drink? 
I want to give a real recepie, them to make it clear to the person they need to make the tea for real. After they got the tea, they talk with the Pourer, haveing
a nice moment drinking tea. 
 
Question ideas:
What do you think you need more of in your life - adventures or stress-relief?
How would you describe yourself? 
What do you want to summon today? stress-relief or more energy?
What kind of work to you feel doing today? psychic work, mental work, physical work? 

Script:
It's been some time since you went out. The rain haven't stopped for a week, and you are really in need for a strong cup of tea.
One warm night, last summer, you were invited to dinner at a friend's place. It was this gathering of like minded spirits, and someone told 
you about this shop that the owner can give you this magickal tea recepies. So, "why not today?" you thought to yourself, yearning for a good 
cup of tea. Are you ready to go get a recepie? yes/no 

if user wrote no - 
It sounds like you need some time to get ready to go out. It can be stressful, come back when you feel like going out. 
else if user wrote yes -

You look at your tea essntials, hoping you have all the right ingerdiants and walk out the door. The minute you are out, the fresh air
hits your face, there is a big puddle right outside the house. 
You look at yourself in the reflection, what is the fist thing you notice? my coat/ my beanie/ my umbrella/ my boots

if coat - You love your coat. It's big, comfy, and it's your favorite color - 
if beanie - The beanie covers your ears, too, that's good.You hate it when your ears are too cold.
if umbrella - You found this umbrella at your place, after one of your seasonal celebrations.
if boots - Good thing you bought a new pair, the old ones where in an ugly shade of - 

You walk away from the puddle, and start going down the streets. The sky is full with heavy clouds, the air is fresh, no 
rain, no thunder. You take a deep refershing bearth, you feel this tingle in your lungs and you smile. 
The buildings slide away, and so are the poeple making their way on the sidewalk. You remember that the shop is past the big oak tree downtown.
This tree turned into the city's symbol. While you walk, there are people walking past you on their way to their buisnesses. 
It's seems as if everyone on town thought today will be a good day to get busy. 
You arrive at this crossword, and you need to decide whether you go right or left. What do you prefer, eating ice cream in the winter, or 
soup in summer? 

if ice cream - You turn right - you walk through the park
if soup - You turn left - you walk through a cemetery

You decided to turn right, so you turn and 
You decided to turn left, so you turn and 


 


You entered a store, that looks like a combination of a tea house, and a book store.
There is this sweet scenet in the air, and a warm oaky scent.
Hello there, I'm the Pourer. You hear a voice, chirping like small bells
It's seems you are in need of some tea. There is a person, coming from the back of the tea-book-house, they look like they got out of a 19th century oil painting.
How did you know? You stand in front of them, surprised, blinking.
Well, they start while absurving you. I can see it on your face?





- only herbal tea? 
mint
chamomile
sage
ginger
hibiscus
rose hip
rosmery
roses
micromeric
lavender
olive oil leaves
lemon grass
thyme
lemon verbena
dendilaion
mugwort

Mashes ideas:
mint + cinamon + ginger + honey + lemon 
lemon grass + lemon verbena
roses + white tea 
chemomile + lavender + ginger + honey

What can you use teas for?
Energy 
For stomach aches
Headaches
To sleep
Fighting depression
To calm down/relax/stress and anixety
Helping metabolism
Enhancing psychic energy






